Oh
alright so and actually quite some time
ago leave it was last year you guys
remember that infernal wait here a list
I've evidently one Japan well evidently
the list of all in mid-swing the top
eight this year um this is the infernity
hero magician idec nap you guys don't
know recently these magician pendulums
have become really popular in japan and
they're extremely amazing but I'll 20
why that's good here a pendulum call so
if you have not activated the pendulum
effect of a pendulum magician monster
previously the strength you can discard
one card to add two magician pendulum
monsters with different names from a
deck your hand also magician guards of
your pendulum zone cannot be destroyed
by card effects until the end of your
opponent's next term so those sons of
bitches remain impervious for a turn so
you can at least set up multiple
pendulum summons now let's go through
here and we'll go through the deck
profile then we'll talk about pendulums
here so I'll one dragon pit to
dragonbane triple destruction triple
infernity archfiend one Stratos triple /
formal pal school beat Joker to drag
refer a triple Street Patrol a triple
insight magician when I'm a good night
one shadow missed one bubbleman what
Harris one eccentric one necromancer
triple here lives one feather duster 10
de triple call oh one foolish mass
change one break to barium one gender
his extra kick Rhapsody horse potala me
dweller to chain exciting diamond dire
shock master Karen Borga utopia del
Toro's polite nice utopia it's actually
supposed to be the other utopia ma ma
bad fam make mistakes every once in a
while too alright so the good utopia
like me one diamond and of course dark
along his psychic sharples understand of
course one exterior pretty much copy and
paste a wonder
cool from honesty a true book of Eclipse
true twister and troubled out of this
alright that's a lot so this son of a
bitch is basically pendulum necromancer
our pendulum infernity deck alright so
dragon pay here you have another
pendulum in the opposite Zhaan you can
discard one pendulum monster just sure
one so i'll talk around the field dragon
pit once returned if you haven't
majestic are your other pendulum don't
you can discard a card triple months
i'll come try it your scales 128 so you
can just imagine the free special
something you know Shan against that you
can set up with this which is pretty
beautiful a triple dragon pit once per
turn you can target one Xyz monster is
traded as a level and you can use it to
XYZ so you turn that sumbitch into
another level for admin XYZ with it to
go even further so additional lovable
chain blaze are very real of course
triple drucker you cannot pendulum
summon monsters separate perform pot
monsters magician pendulums and odd-eyes
monsters the spectral i begin so when
this card is normal zone you can add one
perform upon monster edition monster or
19 s months from deck against basically
this is just a Stratos for no
reason for all of your pendulums which
is absolutely ridiculous and then of
course on inside magician you have a
magician or perform Palmas recording of
the pendulum zone you can destroy this
card to be doing this choose one
pendulum monster from your deck and
place it in your pendulum zone so this
allows you to go get anything that you
want to set up and of course mystical
Space typhoon x la force the pendulum
which is not so important here but your
wombo combo engine is very real um just
being able to toolbox you know your
pendulum zone and then just devastate
your opponent with you know all the
Archfiend set up in the world with this
I know a lot of people looking this
going on so many monsters here now like
this is real life buddy like this neck
will work so guys leave a comment down
below tell me you guys sing about the
ZEC anima i hope you guys enjoyed this
video please thumbs up this video to
show your support and please check out
vanco
44 cardfight vanguard m cole games for
miscellaneous trading card games and No
Limit gaming for a brand new series of
yugioh videos thanks for watching